---
title: Redirect
estimated_read: 10
description: |
 Redirect is our simplest integration. The payer will be redirected to a secure
 Swedbank Pay hosted site and choose payment instrument. After the purchase,
 the payer will be redirected back to your website.
menu_order: 300
---

The **Payments Only Redirect** integration consists of three main steps.
**Creating** the payment order, **displaying** the payment menu, and
**capturing** the funds. In addition, there are other post purchase options you
need. We get to them later on.

If you want to get an overview before proceeding, you can look at the [sequence
diagram][sequence-diagram]. It is also available in the sidebar if you want to
look at it later. Let´s get going with the two first steps of the integration.

## Step 1: Create Payment Order

When the purchase is initiated, you need to create a payment order.

Start by performing a `POST` request towards the `paymentorder` resource
with payer information and a `completeUrl`.

We have added `productName` to the payment order request in this integration.
You can find it in the `paymentorder` field. This is required if you want to use
Checkout v3. If it isn´t included in your request, you won't get the correct
operations in the response.

When `productName` is set to `checkout3`, `digitalProducts` will be set to
`false` by default.

Supported features for this integration are subscriptions (`recur`, `one-click`
and `unscheduled MIT`), `MOTO`, instrument mode, split settlement (`subsite`)
and the possibility to use your own `logo`.

There is also a guest mode option for the payers who don't wish to store their
information. When using **Payments Only**, the way to trigger this is to not
include the `payerReference` field in your `paymentOrder` request. You can find
it in the `payer` node in the example below.

Sometimes you might need to abort purchases. An example could be if a payer does
not complete the purchase within a reasonable timeframe. For those instances we
have `abort`, which you can read about in the [core features][abort-feature].
You can only use `abort` if the payer **has not** completed an `authorize` or a
`sale`.

{% include alert-risk-indicator.md %}

{% include alert-gdpr-disclaimer.md %}

{% include payment-order-checkout-payments-only.md integration_mode="redirect" %}

## Step 2: Display Payment Menu

Among the operations in the POST `paymentOrders` response, you will find the
`redirect-checkout`. This is the one you need to display payment menu.

{:.code-view-header}
**Response**

```json
{
    "paymentOrder": {
    "operations": [
        {
            "method": "GET",
            "href": "https://ecom.externalintegration.payex.com/payment/menu/b934d6f84a89a01852eea01190c2bbcc937ba29228ca7502df8592975ee3bb0d?_tc_tid=30f2168171e142d38bcd4af2c3721959",
            "rel": "redirect-checkout",
            "contentType": "text/html"
        },
    ]
}
```

## How It Looks

The redirect link opens the payment menu on a new page with the payer
information displayed above the menu. The payer can select their preferred
payment instrument and pay.

{:.text-center}
![screenshot of the merchant managed implementation redirect payment menu][redirect-payments-only-menu]

Once the payer has completed the purchase, you can perform a `GET` towards the
`paymentOrders` resource to see the purchase state.

You are now ready to capture the funds. Follow the link below to read more about
capture and the other options you have after the purchase.

{% include iterator.html prev_href="./"
                         prev_title="Introduction"
                         next_href="post-purchase"
                         next_title="Post Purchase" %}

[abort-feature]: /checkout-v3/payments-only/features/core/abort
[sequence-diagram]: /checkout-v3/sequence-diagrams#payments-only-redirect
[redirect-payments-only-menu]: /assets/img/checkout/checkout-v3-redirect-menu.png
