---
title: Process Diagrams
estimated_read: 15
description: |
  The previous pages have dealt with each component. This page contains
  flowcharts that illustrate the entire process, taking into account all the
  components involved.
  It is recommended to read through the earlier pages first.
  This page can them help you keep a picture of the whole system in mind,
  and serve as a quick reference to the different steps and components.
menu_order: 1400
---

## Initialization

To use the SDK, you must have a valid `Configuration` for it. The API for this
is a bit different in Android and iOS, but generally you will only need one
`Configuration` for your app. On Android set it to
`PaymentFragment.defaultConfiguration`; on iOS store it in a convenient
variable.

If you are using a backend implementing the Merchant Backend API, there is a
Configuration ready for you in the SDK. If you are designing your own backend
API, you will need to create the Configuration yourself.

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
    alt Using Merchant Backend
        alt Android
            App ->> SDK: MerchantBackendConfiguration.Builder(backendUrl)...build()
            SDK -->> App: configuration
            App ->> SDK: PaymentFragment.defaultConfiguration = configuration
        else iOS
            App ->> SDK: SwedbankPaySDK.MerchantBackendConfiguration.init(backendUrl: backendUrl)
            SDK -->> App: configuration
        end
    else Using Custom Backend
        alt Android
            App ->> App: class MyConfiguration : Configuration()
            App ->> SDK: PaymentFragment.defaultConfiguration = configuration
        else iOS
            App ->> App: struct/class MyConfiguration : SwedbankPaySDK.Configuration
        end
    end
```

When you want to make a payment, create a `PaymentFrament` or
`SwedbankPaySDKController`. `SwedbankPaySDKController`'s designated initializer
takes all the required arguments; for `PaymentFrament` you should use
`PaymentFragment.ArgumentsBuilder` to create the arguments bundle.

The meaning of the arguments depends on your Configuration. If you are using
`MerchantBackendConfiguration`, you will always need a `PaymentOrder` argument.
A very important part of the `PaymentOrder` is the `urls` field. The SDK has
convenience methods for creating one; unless your use-case is advanced, you
should use these. On Android use the `PaymentOrderUrls(context, backendUrl,
[callbackUrl], [termsOfServiceUrl])` constructor; on iOS use the
`PaymentOrderUrls.init(configuration:language:[callbackUrl:][termsOfServiceUrl:])`
initializer. In both cases the convenience method depends on your
`MerchantBackendConfiguration` (`backendUrl`is part of the
`MerchantBackendConfiguration`), so be careful if you have multiple
MerchantBackendConfigurations in your app.

Additionally, you may construct a `Consumer` if you wish to identify the payer.
This enables saving payment details for further payments.

If you are using a custom Configuration, you may use the `PaymentOrder` or
`Consumer` arguments if you wish. Additionally you can use a generic data
argument (of type `Any`, though on Android it must implement either `Parcelable`
or `Serializable`). By default, the existence of the `Consumer` argument
controls whether the consumer identfication happens, but you can also specify it
explicitly.

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
    participant User
    participant App
    participant SDK

    User ->> App : Begin payment
    rect rgba(138, 205, 195, 0.1)
        note right of App: Build Payment Order
        alt Android
            App ->> SDK: PaymentOrder(...) or PaymentOrder.Builder()...build()
            SDK -->> App: paymentOrder
        else iOS
            App ->> SDK: SwedbankPaySDK.PaymentOrder.init(...)
            SDK -->> App: paymentOrder
        end
    end
    opt Build Consumer
        alt Android
            App ->> SDK: Consumer(...)
            SDK -->> App: consumer
        else iOS
            App ->> SDK: Consumer.init(...)
            SDK -->> App: consumer
        end
    end
    rect rgba(138, 205, 195, 0.1)
        note right of App: Create and configure payment UI component
        alt Android
            App ->> SDK: PaymentFragment.ArgumentsBuilder()...build()
            SDK -->> App: arguments
            App ->> SDK: PaymentFragment()
            SDK -->> App: paymentFragment
            App ->> SDK: paymentFragment.arguments = arguments
            App ->> SDK: activity.paymentViewModel.[rich]state.observe(...)
        else iOS
            App ->> SDK: SwedbankPaySDKController.init(...)
            SDK -->> App: swedbankPaySDKController
            App ->> SDK: swedbankPaySDKController.delegate = ...
        end
    end
    App ->> App : Show payment UI component
```

## Merchant Backend: Discover Endpoints

This is an implementation detail of the Merchant Backend configuration; it is
not necessary to replicate this step in a your own systems.

The Merchant Backend is specified with a single static entry point; other
interfaces are accessed by following links from previous responses. A request to
the static entry point currently returns links to the `consumers` and
`paymentorders` endpoints. In most cases the response to this request can be
cached, and thus only needs to be made once per App session.

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
    participant SDK
    participant Backend

    SDK ->> Backend: GET /
    Backend -->> SDK: { "consumers": "[consumers]", "paymentorders": "[paymentorders]" }
```

## Optional Checkin

Optionally, the payment beings with a "checkin" flow, where the payer is
identified. This allows for saving payment details for later payments.

The checkin flow is simple: first a request is made to begin a checkin session,
then an html page is constructed using the script link received from that
request, and when that page successfully identifies the payer, a javascript
callback is received. The `consumerProfileRef` received from that callback is
then used when creating the payment order in the next step.

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
    participant Conf as Configuration
    participant SDK
    participant Backend
    participant SwedbankPay as Swedbank Pay
    participant WebView
    participant User

    SDK ->> Conf: postConsumers
    alt Merchant Backend
        Conf ->> Backend: POST [consumers] { "operation": "initiate-consumer-session", ... }
    else Custom Backend
        Conf ->> Backend: Custom protocol
    end
    Backend ->> SwedbankPay: POST /psp/consumers/ { "operation": "initiate-consumer-session", ... }
    SwedbankPay -->> Backend: { "operations": [{ "rel": "view-consumer-identification", "href": "[consumer-script]" }] }
    alt Merchant Backend
        Backend -->> Conf: { "operations": [{ "rel": "view-consumer-identification", "href": "[consumer-script]" }] }
    else Custom Backend
        Backend -->> Conf: Custom protocol
    end
    Conf --> SDK: ViewConsumerIdentificationInfo
    SDK ->> WebView: <html>...<script src="[consumer-script]">...payex.hostedView.consumer(...)...</html>
    WebView ->> User: Show checkin UI
    User ->> WebView: Enter personal details
    WebView ->> SDK: onConsumerIdentified({ "consumerProfileRef" : "..." })
    SDK ->> SDK: store consumerProfileRef for checkout
```

## Begin Checkout

With the Payment Order ready, the SDK begins the "checkout" flow, where the
actual payment is made. The checkout flow begins similarly to the checkin flow:
a request is made to create a Payment Order, then an html page is constructed
and displayed to the user. In the case of the "create Payment Order" request,
however, it is expected that the Merchant Backend processes the request and
response: Setting of `payeeId` and `paymentReference` in particular seems better
left to the backend; similarly the backend is probably interested in storing the
`id` of the created Payment Order for capture and other possible operations.

At this point the user is interacting with the payment menu; the next step
depends on the exact payment method chosen.

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
    participant Conf as Configuration
    participant SDK
    participant Backend
    participant SwedbankPay as Swedbank Pay
    participant WebView
    participant User

    SDK ->> Conf: postPaymentorders
    alt Merchant Backend
        Conf ->> Backend: POST [paymentorders] { paymentorder: {...} }
    else Custom Backend
        Conf ->> Backend: Custom protocol
    end
    Backend ->> Backend: Preprocess payment order (e.g. create payeeReference)
    Backend ->> SwedbankPay: POST /psp/paymentorders/ { paymentorder: {...} }
    SwedbankPay -->> Backend: { "id": "...", "operations": [{ "rel": "view-paymentorder", "href": "[paymentorder-script]" }], ... }
    Backend ->> Backend: Postprocess payment order (e.g. store id)
    alt Merchant Backend
        Backend -->> Conf: { "id": "...", "operations": [{ "rel": "view-paymentorder", "href": "[paymentorder-script]" }], ... }
    else Custom Backend
        Backend ->> Conf: Custom protocol
    end
    Conf -->> SDK: ViewPaymentOrderInfo
    SDK ->> WebView: <html>...<script src="[paymentorder-script]">...payex.hostedView.paymentMenu(...)...</html>
    WebView ->> User: Show checkout UI
    User ->> WebView: Choose payment method and enter details
```

## External Content

While some payments may be completed inside the payment menu in their entirety,
others will require interaction with some external web page, and/or application.
In most cases external web pages can be opened in the same web view used to show
the payment menu, and when they want to return to the payment menu, they signal
this by attempting to navigate to the url set as `paymentUrl` in the Payment
Order. We intercept this navigation, and reload the payment menu, as
appropriate.

When an external application is launched, the flow signals the return to the
payment menu by again opening `paymentUrl`. This time, however, we cannot
intercept it. The system then handles opening that url the usual way. For
maximum compatibility, `paymentUrl` is a regular https url. On iOS, `paymentUrl`
is designed to be in format that is registered as a [Universal
Link][ios-universal-links] to the app, which causes the system to open
`paymentUrl` in the app. The example backend serves a
`/.well-known/apple-app-site-association` file that assigns the paths under
`/sdk-callback/` to be Universal Links to the application set in the
configuration. The SDK defaults to building `paymentUrl` under this path.
Combined with the proper configuration in the app and backend, this makes
`paymentUrl`s be Universal Links. On Android 6.0 and later it is possible to do
a similar thing, but it is much more difficult to set up on the server side, and
we need a solution for earlier versions anyway. Therefore, on Android,
`paymentUrl` will be opened in the browser.

Finally, in our testing, we have seen that certain external pages used with
certain payment instruments do not work correctly inside a web view, and must be
shown in the browser instead. If we determine that the external page is one of
these pages, it is opened in the browser. Again, return to the payment menu is
signaled by a navigation to `paymentUrl`, which will, in this case be opened in
the browser on both platforms (but see below for iOS details).

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
    participant App
    participant SDK
    participant WebView
    participant System
    participant Browser
    participant Ext as External App
    participant User

    WebView ->> SDK: Navigate to another page
    alt Navigation is to a regular http(s) URL
        SDK ->> SDK: Check web view compatibility
        alt Compatible with Web View
            SDK ->> WebView: Proceed with navigation normally ①
            WebView ->> SDK: Navigate to paymentUrl ②
            SDK ->> SDK: Recognize paymentUrl
            SDK ->> WebView: Cancel navigation
        else Not Compatible with Web View
            SDK ->> WebView: Cancel navigation
            SDK ->> System: Open URL
            System ->> Browser: Open URL in Browser
            User ->> Browser: Handle external flow
            Browser ->> User: Handle external flow
            Browser -> Browser: Open paymentUrl in Browser
        end
    else Navigation is to an app-specific URL (custom scheme, Android Deep Link/App Link, iOS Universal Link)
        SDK ->> WebView: Cancel navigation
        SDK ->> System: Open URL
        System ->> Ext: Launch URL-appropriate app
        User ->> Ext: Handle external flow
        Ext ->> User: Handle external flow
        Ext ->> System: Open paymentUrl
        alt Android
            System ->> Browser: Open paymentUrl in Browser ③
        else iOS
            System ->> App: Launch app with paymentUrl ④
        end
    end
```

*   ① The same check is repeated for any further navigation inside the WebView
*   ② All properly configured authentication flows must end up here
*   ③ On Android, paymentUrl is an https URL that redirects to an Android Intent
    URL.
*   ④ On iOS, paymentUrl is a Universal Link. When an app open a Universal Link
    to another app, it should be routed to that app instead of the Browser.
    However, Universal Links are finicky things, and it is not impossible that
    it gets opened in the Browser instead. In that case, the flow continues with
    "paymentUrl opened in Browser" below instead.

## Return From Browser

If the external flow ended with `paymentUrl` opened in the browser, we need a
way to get back to the app. On Android, this is simple to accomplish by
redirecting to an [Android Intent Uri][android-intent-scheme]; the SDK and
backend work together to construct the Intent Uri to point to the correct app.
This Intent will cause the app to be brought back into focus, and the
PaymentFragment will recognize the `paymentUrl` and reload the payment menu. We
still need to have an actual html page served at `paymentUrl`, though, as the
redirect may be blocked in some scenarios. If that happens, the page will also
contain a link the user can tap on, which opens the same Intent Uri.

On iOS, the situation is more complicated. As mentioned above, `paymentUrl` is a
Universal Link, and navigation to it should be routed to the app. However,
Universal Links are a bit unreliable, in that they require certain conditions to
be fulfilled; otherwise, they are opened in the browser like regular links.
Unfortunately, one of the conditions, namely that the navigation originated from
the user pressing on a link, is often not fulfilled in the external pages used
by payment methods. Therefore, we must have a system that works correctly, even
if `paymentUrl` is opened in the browser.

On iOS, we use the following system:

*   `paymentUrl` redirects (301) to a trampoline page hosted at a different
    domain
*   the trampoline page has a button
*   pressing that button navigates to `paymentUrl` but with an extra parameter
*   `paymentUrl` with the extra parameter redirects to a custom-scheme url

The trampoline page is on a different domain due to another requirement of
Universal Links: they are only routed to the app if opened from a different
domain. Now, both `paymentUrl` and `paymentUrl` with the extra parameter are
Universal Links, and as the second navigation is "forced" to originate from User
Interaction, it should be routed to the app. However, if something still goes
sideways, and experience says it can, and even this "augmented" `paymentUrl` is
opened in the browser, then we finally redirect to a custom-scheme url, which
has no choice but to be routed to the app. The reason we do not do this
immediately is because using custom schemes triggers a confirmation dialog the
developer has no control over, and we want to avoid that.

When the app is then launched with `paymentUrl`, the augmented `paymentUrl`, or
the custom-scheme url constructed from `paymentUrl`, the Application Delegate
must then forward the url to the SDK using the SwedbankPaySDK.open(url:) or
SwedbankPaySDK.continue(userActivity:) method, as the case may be. The SDK will
then proceed to reload the payment menu as appropriate.

This system does have the drawback of requiring a custom url scheme, which will
almost always be left unused. As we gather more data, we may be able to remove
the requirement in the future.

Please see this diagram for an illustration of the different steps in the
process:

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
    participant User
    participant Browser
    participant Backend
    participant Trampoline as Universal Link Trampoline
    participant System
    participant SDK
    participant App

    alt Android
        Browser ->> Merchant: Load paymentUrl
        Merchant -->> Browser: Html document that redirects to an Intent URL ⑤
        Browser ->> Browser: Parse Android Intent URL
        Browser ->> System: Start activity with the parsed Intent, where the Intent Uri is paymentUrl
        System ->> SDK: Start callback activity
        SDK ->> SDK: Recognize paymentUrl
    else iOS
        alt Happiest Path
            Browser ->> Browser: Recognize that paymentUrl is a Universal Link for App
            Browser ->> System: Launch app with paymentUrl ⑥
        else Less Happy Path
            Browser ->> Merchant: Load paymentUrl
            Merchant -->> Browser: 301 Moved Permanently ⑦
            Browser ->> Trampoline: Load trampoline page
            Browser ->> User: Show trampoline page ⑧
            User ->> Browser: Press "Return to App" button
            Browser ->> Browser: Navigate to paymentUrl&fallback=true
            alt Less Happy Path (contd.)
                Browser ->> Browser : Recognize that paymentUrl&fallback=true is a Universal Link for App
                Browser ->> System : Launch app with paymentUrl&fallback=true
            else Sad Path ⑨
                Browser ->> Merchant: Load paymentUrl&fallback=true
                Merchant -->> Browser: 301 Moved Permanently ⑩
                Browser ->> User: Show confirmation dialog
                User ->> Browser: Accept app launch
                Browser ->> System: Launch app with customscheme://[paymentUrl-without-scheme]&fallback=true
            end
        end
        System ->> App: Call URL handler ⑪
        App ->> SDK: SwedbankPaySDK.open(url:) or SwedbankPaySDK.continue(userActivity:)
        SDK ->> SDK: Recognize paymentUrl or modified paymentUrl
    end
```

*   ⑤ `intent://[paymentUrl-without-scheme]/#Intent;scheme=[paymentUrl-scheme];action=com.swedbankpay.mobilesdk.VIEW_PAYMENTORDER;package=[app-package];end;`
*   ⑥ Universal Links have certain conditions for them to be activated. One of
    these is that the navigation must have started from a user interaction. As
    many 3D-Secure pages have an automatic redirect, this can cause the link to
    be opened in the Browser instead. Therefore the chance for this path to be
    taken is low. (N.B. It does seem than iOS 13.4 has made some change to the
    logic, causing this happiest path to be hit more often.)
*   ⑦ Location: `https://ecom.stage.payex.com/externalresourcehost/trampoline?target=paymentUrl%26fallback=true`
*   ⑧  The "Trampoline Page" has a button, which links back to paymentUrl, but
    with an additional query parameter (actually this extra parameter is added
    by the backend when generating the redirect to the trampoline page).
    Importantly, the Trampoline is on a different domain than paymentUrl, as
    Universal Links are only forwarded to the app if they are opened from a
    different domain than the link's domain.
*   ⑨ All cases should be caught by one of these two flows. However, Universal
    Links remain finicky, and therefore it is good to provide one final
    fallback.
*   ⑩ Location: `customscheme://[paymentUrl-without-scheme]&fallback=true`.
    `customscheme` is a URL scheme unique to the App.
*   ⑪ Universal links result in a call to
    `UIApplicationDelegate.application(_:continue:restorationHandler:)`, while
    custom-scheme links result in a call to
    `UIApplicationDelegate.application(_:open:options:)`.

## Payment Completion

When the payment is completed, possibly after reloading the payment menu after a
navigation to `paymentUrl`, the payment menu will report success by attempting
to navigate to `completeUrl`. The SDK intercepts this and invokes a callback to
your app. It is your app's responsibility to then remove the payment UI from
view and notify the user. Similarly, if the payment is cancelled, the SDK
intercepts the navigation to `cancelUrl` and reports the cancellation status to
your app.

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
    participant User
    participant App
    participant SDK
    participant WebView

    SDK ->> WebView: Reload <html>...<script src="[paymentorder-script]">...payex.hostedView.paymentMenu(...)...</html>
    WebView ->> SDK: Navigate to completeUrl
    SDK ->> WebView: Cancel navigation
    alt Android
        SDK ->> SDK: PaymentViewModel.state <- SUCCESS
        SDK ->> App: Observer<PaymentViewModel.State>.onChanged(SUCCESS)
    else iOS
        SDK ->> App: SwedbankPaySDKDelegate.paymentComplete()
    end
    App ->> App: Remove payment UI component
    App ->> User: Report payment result
```

{% include iterator.html prev_href="other-features"
                         prev_title="Back: Other Features"
                         next_href="plain-webview"
                         next_title="Using a Web View Instead" %}

[android-intent-scheme]: https://developer.chrome.com/multidevice/android/intents
[ios-universal-links]: https://developer.apple.com/documentation/uikit/inter-process_communication/allowing_apps_and_websites_to_link_to_your_content
